Ad tech spacing (#5285)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/attribution-reporting-debugging/part-1/index.md

## Glossary

{% Aside 'key-term' %}

> The _reporting origin_ is the [origin](https://web.dev/same-site-same-origin/#origin) that sets the Attribution Reporting [source header](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BXchEk-UMgcr2fpjfXrQ3D8VhTR-COGYS1cwK_nyLfg/edit#heading=h.zea9dm525c2d) and [trigger header](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BXchEk-UMgcr2fpjfXrQ3D8VhTR-COGYS1cwK_nyLfg/edit#heading=h.r2yh4lr9r7p3). All reports generated by the browser are sent to this origin. In this guidance, we use `https://ad tech.example` as the example reporting origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _reporting origin_ is the [origin](https://web.dev/same-site-same-origin/#origin) that sets the Attribution Reporting [source header](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BXchEk-UMgcr2fpjfXrQ3D8VhTR-COGYS1cwK_nyLfg/edit#heading=h.zea9dm525c2d) and [trigger header](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BXchEk-UMgcr2fpjfXrQ3D8VhTR-COGYS1cwK_nyLfg/edit#heading=h.r2yh4lr9r7p3). All reports generated by the browser are sent to this origin. In this guidance, we use `https://adtech.example` as the example reporting origin.
```

As this is a URL, it shouldn't be changed.
